doc(replay): contributing note rrweb bump (#6501)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: packages/replay/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Updating the rrweb dependency

> When [updating the dependency](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/a493aa6a46555b944c8d896a2164bcd8b11caaf5/packages/replay/package.json#LL55),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [updating the `rrweb` dependency](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/a493aa6a46555b944c8d896a2164bcd8b11caaf5/packages/replay/package.json?plain=1#LL55),
```

> please be aware that in [addition to this module's README.md](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/a493aa6a46555b944c8d896a2164bcd8b11caaf5/packages/replay/README.md#L204),

Reviewer: This links to MD preview for me

```suggestion
please be aware that in [addition to `@sentry/replay`'s README.md](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/a493aa6a46555b944c8d896a2164bcd8b11caaf5/packages/replay/README.md?plain=1#LL204),
```

> Sentry docs [point to a specific version of rrweb](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/d6adadffc9e468ba777ccc733e69c373181237c9/src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/configuration.mdx#LL49) to refer to configuration which also need to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry docs also [point to a specific version of `rrweb`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/d6adadffc9e468ba777ccc733e69c373181237c9/src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/configuration.mdx?plain=1#LL49) that has configuration that needs to be updated.
```
